Add link to apis of .net link to porting guidelines (#948)
dotnet/winforms: Documentation/porting-guidelines.md

System.PlatformNotSupportedException: 'Configuration files are not supported.'
```

### Additional Types and Namespaces

> YOu can search for additional types whcih you may need in porting your apps to .NET Core on [APIs of DotNet][apisofnet]. For example, when you search for System.AppDomain, you will see that it has been moved to System.Runtime.Extensions during the .NET Core 2.0 timeframe is supported on .NET Core 3.0

Reviewer: Capitalization of you

Reviewer: "you will see that it has been moved to System.Runtime.Extensions during the .NET Core 2.0 timeframe is supported on .NET Core 3.0" ... I can't parse this

Reviewer 2: Missing “and” before “is supported”

Reviewer 2: Missing “and” before “is supported”

Reviewer 3: whcih --> which

> YOu can search for additional types whcih you may need in porting your apps to .NET Core on [APIs of DotNet][apisofnet]. For example, when you search for System.AppDomain, you will see that it has been moved to System.Runtime.Extensions during the .NET Core 2.0 timeframe is supported on .NET Core 3.0

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can search for additional types which you may need in porting your apps to .NET Core on [APIs of DotNet][apisofnet]. For example, when you search for `System.AppDomain` type, you will see that it has been moved to `System.Runtime.Extensions` namespace during the .NET Core 2.0 timeframe is supported on .NET Core 3.0
```

As @danmosemsft pointed, the end of the sentence doesn't make any sense.
Did you mean something like the following?
```suggestion
You can search for additional types which you may need in porting your apps to .NET Core on [APIs of DotNet][apisofnet]. For example, when you search for `System.AppDomain` type, you will see that it has been moved to `System.Runtime.Extensions` namespace in .NET Core 3.0.
```
